Move competitors to reference (#147)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/reference/integrations/optimizely.md

# Optimizely

> In order to perform its analyses, Eppo needs access to an assignment table in your data warehouse that lists each user that comes through the system and which variant they saw at which time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to perform its analyses, Eppo needs access to an assignment table in your data warehouse that what user got assigned to which variation in an experiment at a specific point in time.
```

| timestamp | user_id | experiment | variation |
| --------- | ------- | ---------- | --------- |
| 2021-06-22T17:35:12.000Z | 165740867980881574 | adding_BNPL_experiment | affirm |

By default, Optimizely does not make accessible the data which allows Eppo to determine which users were assigned/exposed to any given feature/experiment. To access this data, you have a couple of options:

> - [Pay to Export data from Optimizely to Snowflake](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/optimizely-data/docs/snowflake-integration)

Reviewer: What if someone is not using Snowflake?

Author: Good call out. Also that link now redirects to their docs homepage. Will also fix this in a subsequent PR

- Log assignments manually with wrapper code (see below)

## Logging assignments manually with wrapper code

> To manually log Optimizely assignments, you'll need to find all places in your code where Optimizely is being invoked and replace with a wrapper function. The example below is based on Javascript, see [Optimizely SDK documentation](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/full-stack/v4.0/docs/create-flag-variations#implement-flag-variations) to find the syntax for your language of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually log Optimizely assignments, you need to find all places in your code where Optimizely is being invoked and replace with a wrapper function. The example below is based on Javascript, see [Optimizely SDK documentation](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/full-stack/v4.0/docs/create-flag-variations#implement-flag-variations) to find the syntax for your language of choice.
```
